# PMI-CaseStudy-3

Use Case #3\n\nContext: \n\nEvery company wants to succeed and gain an edge on the competition. Achieving the revenue goals translates into maximizing sales. Many companies distribute their goods at physical Point Of Sales (POSs). For all of them the challenge is to devise a strategy that will drive the sales at POSs. Possible solution could be to place the product in the most convenient location for consumers. In this assignment, we will ask you to figure out what surroundings and respective amenities lead to top POS performance. \n\nFor performing this analysis, please use following data sources:\n•\t‘sales_granular.csv’ - contains information about the sales volumes of a product at particular POS; each POS is uniquely identified by 'store_code'.•\t‘Surroundings.json’ - contains information about 90 different amenities (restaurants, shops, beauty salons etc.) that are in the surroundings of each POS.\n\nBoth data sets are available for download here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1XYzYT-ZzBT58YbuZDdYl4JUMpDdG7cIc?usp=sharing \n\nUsing the data from 'sales_granular.csv' create a target variable, to be used for modelling.\n\nIt is up to you to decide:\n•\thow you design the target variable•\twhat timeframe you use to calculate the target variable•\tif you want to treat it as a classification or regression problem\n\nUsing the data from 'Surroundings.json' file, prepare a dataset with exploratory variables to be uses for modeling.\n\nThe goal is to create a model that identifies important attributes in the surroundings that impact sales.\n \n\n\nObjectives:\n\nPlease prepare the presentation with your results. In it, you'll have to justify and explain:\n•\tHow did you create the target variable?•\tHow did you prepare the final dataset for modeling?•\tHow did you split datasets into training and testing?•\tWhat methods did you use for modelling and why?•\tHow did you quantify the performance of your model(s)?\n\nYou need to be ready to explain all the assumptions that you made.\n\nTogether with your presentation (in PDF) you'll need to provide us with your source code written in Python. Please share it with us via GitHub.\n \n
